Challenge Name: The Library
 
Now in this challenge we have to interact with a bot named "The Librarian" and answer his questions.

If our answers are right he'll send the flag

So let's send "Hello" to the bot

This is what he replies:

"Welcome! Bring me what I ask and I shall take you on a journey across the land of books.
Here is the first step -
'Very few of us are what we seem.'
Tommy is to call on Miss Glen at what time? Give me the time in 12 hr format (HH:MM) (without am/pm) and I will lead you further."

Hmm, so let's search the keywords "Tommy is to call on Miss Glen at what time?" in google

We get a short story collection named "Partners in Crime" where the names of two of the characters are Tommy and Miss Glenn

Interesting!!

Let's open it in wikipedia and search the keyword "call" using "Find" tool.(In Windows the shortcut for Find tool is Ctrl+F)

We find a line in wikipedia:

"Tommy receives a note from Miss Glen asking for his help and for him to call on her at The White House, Morgan's Avenue, at 6.10 pm"

According to the question let's enter the answer as "06:10"
Correct!!

Now we get another puzzle

"Good job, here is the next part -
He appeared to help the Son of Neptune, this seer has a history of helping heroes on their quests. He is also acknowledged in mythology to guide a voyage to retrieve what?"

A bit of research on Google leads us to Phineas who was a seer and guided a voyage to recover "Golden Fleece"

So "Golden Fleece is the answer"

Let's look at 3rd puzzle:

"Well done, here is the next part -
'The year without a summer, a vacation, and a classic was created.'
 In this classic, the names of the creation and creator are often confused. Give me the name of the university where the creator studied and I shall give you the next piece of the puzzle."

A little research and we'll get the the classic is Frankenstein
Creator is Victor frankenstein
And he attended university at University of Ingolstadt
That is answer

The fourth puzzle gives us a puzzle in which a pic with some ancient runes is given and we have to tell Dragon's name

The runes are from the book The Hobbit by JRR Tolkien and dragon is Smaug
answer:Smaug

Fifth puzzle: we r given a pigpen cipher and a picture of Capitol Rotund
a quick research and we find The Lost Symbol book which has the sentence given by bot : a severed hand right in the
after decoding the pigpen cipher, we get another encoded string
Duerers magic square is used in The Lost Symbol book
decoding that gives us "OSINTISPRETTYFUN"
That is the answer
And now the bot will give us the flag

